{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\fdecor\fprq2\fcharset1 Blackadder ITC;}{\f3\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Lucida Sans Unicode;}{\f4\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Tahoma;}{\f5\fnil\fprq0\fcharset0 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af4\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af3\afs24\langfe255\loch\f0\fs24\lang2057\snext1 Default;}
{\s2\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af4\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af3\afs24\langfe255\loch\f0\fs24\lang2057\sbasedon1\snext2 Text body;}
{\s3\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af5\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af3\afs24\langfe255\loch\f0\fs24\lang2057\sbasedon2\snext3 List;}
{\s4\sb120\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af5\afs20\lang255\ai\ltrch\dbch\af3\afs20\langfe255\ai\loch\f0\fs20\lang2057\i\sbasedon1\snext4 Caption;}
{\s5\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af5\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af3\afs24\langfe255\loch\f0\fs24\lang2057\sbasedon1\snext5 Index;}
}
{\info{\author Ian Ditchfield}{\creatim\yr2006\mo7\dy19\hr8\min23}{\operator Ian Ditchfield}{\revtim\yr2006\mo7\dy19\hr9\min45}{\printim\yr1601\mo1\dy1\hr0\min0}{\comment StarWriter}{\vern6450}}\deftab709
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse195\pgwsxn11905\pghsxn16837\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\pgdscnxt0 Default;}}
\paperh16837\paperw11905\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\pgwsxn11905\pghsxn16837\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
\pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af4\afs24\lang255\ab\ltrch\dbch\af3\afs24\langfe255\ab\loch\f0\fs24\lang2057\b {\loch\f0\fs24\lang2057\i0\b Planner/organiser's report for Banstead Heath evening score event Tuesday 18{{\*\updnprop5801}\up10 th} July 2006}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af4\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af3\afs24\langfe255\loch\f0\fs24\lang2057 
\par {\loch\f0\fs24\lang2057\i0\b0 Hot, wasn't it?}
\par 
\par {\loch\f0\fs24\lang2057\i0\b0 Last year I competed in an event with the motto \ldblquote Really lazy organizers. Bloody fantastic orienteering.\rdblquote , the idea being that you can cut out many of the frills that normally accompany event organisation and still run an enjoyable event. I intended to foll
ow this {\lang2057 philosophy}, although in view of the weather conditions I did relent and provide water at the finish. I decided that a lazy organiser would rather fill a bucket with water than drive people with heatstroke to hospital!}
\par 
\par {\loch\f0\fs24\lang2057\i0\b0 The use of pin punches rather than SI was not a consequence of my laziness, but rather due to the fact that we couldn't fathom out how to program the SI computer for a score course. (Our club expert is currently overseas). This turned out to be fortunate, 
as it would have been extremely difficult to get SI stakes into the baked earth. With pin punches, we were able to hang the vast majority from vegetation and avoid the need to penetrate the ground. Not using SI stakes did however give me the opportunity to
 be really lazy and dispense with control codes. With all the controls in the forest being on your course, there was nothing to check anyway.}
\par 
\par {\loch\f0\fs24\lang2057\i0\b0 For the event planning, I had a number of goals in mind. I wanted, so far as possible in summer vegetation, an enjoyable experience for competitors. I couldn't clear all the bracken, brambles and nettles from the forest, but I could and did reject any cont
rol site that actually forced you through them. Visiting control sites with bare legs is a {\lang2057 discipline} that BOF should make compulsory for all planners!}
\par 
\par {\loch\f0\fs24\lang2057\i0\b0 I wanted a total course length that would tempt the best runner who might turn up into trying for all the controls, but not quite succeeding. For the record, OCAD measures the (sometimes impractical) straight-line distance along what I believe to be the op
timum all-controls sequence as 7.1km. }
\par 
\par {\loch\f0\fs24\lang2057\i0\b0 I wanted a simple route that children and beginners could complete and still get a reasonable score. I {\lang2057 achieved} this by laying out a series of controls around the big field, and giving them the middle points value.}
\par 
\par {\loch\f0\fs24\lang2057\i0\b0 Finally, I wanted it to be easy to remember the points values of the controls. Control cards have three rows of nine, hence 1-9 5 points, 10-18 10 points, 19-27 15 points. Having allocated the 10 point row to the easy controls, of the remaining 18 controls
, I made the easier 9 worth 5 points and the harder 9 worth 15. }
\par 
\par {\loch\f0\fs24\lang2057\i0\b0 It was an accident of the geography of the terrain that the farthest controls tending to be the lowest scoring, but actually I was quite pleased about that. It really put pressure on the decision-making of the stronger runners when at the far end of the co
urse. }
\par 
\par {\loch\f0\fs24\lang2057\i0\b0 So to the results. I didn't attempt timing to seconds, so your time is rounded up to the next minute. Mark Collis showed the benefits of careful choice of which controls to visit, getting the highest point score despite not visiting the most controls, and 
getting back in time. Alison High was another who got the selection right for maximum points for minimum effort. Good to see a couple of Mole juniors half-way up the results \endash  they still had to run round even if Mum and Dad were helping with the navigation
. Any errors or queries, let me know.}
\par 
\par {\loch\f0\fs24\lang2057\i0\b0 My thanks go to Simon, Chris and Steve for helping me set up and hang controls, Peter for control collecting, but most of all to everybody who made the effort worthwhile by running.}
\par 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\rtlch\af4\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af3\afs24\langfe255\loch\f2\fs24\lang2057 {\loch\f2\fs24\lang2057\i0\b0 Ian Ditchfield}
\par }