{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Lucida Sans Unicode;}{\f3\fdecor\fprq2\fcharset0 Blackadder ITC;}{\f4\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Tahoma;}{\f5\fnil\fprq0\fcharset0 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\ql\rtlch\af4\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af2\afs24\langfe255\loch\f0\fs24\lang2057\snext1 Default;}
{\s2\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\ql\rtlch\af4\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af2\afs24\langfe255\loch\f0\fs24\lang2057\sbasedon1\snext2 Text body;}
{\s3\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\ql\rtlch\af5\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af2\afs24\langfe255\loch\f0\fs24\lang2057\sbasedon2\snext3 List;}
{\s4\sb120\sa120\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\ql\rtlch\af5\afs20\lang255\ai\ltrch\dbch\af2\afs20\langfe255\ai\loch\f0\fs20\lang2057\i\sbasedon1\snext4 Caption;}
{\s5\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\ql\rtlch\af5\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af2\afs24\langfe255\loch\f0\fs24\lang2057\sbasedon1\snext5 Index;}
}
{\info{\author Ian Ditchfield}{\creatim\yr2006\mo7\dy16\hr15\min55}{\operator Ian Ditchfield}{\revtim\yr2006\mo7\dy18\hr8\min30}{\printim\yr2006\mo7\dy16\hr16\min35}{\comment StarWriter}{\vern6450}}\deftab709
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse195\pgwsxn11905\pghsxn16837\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\pgdscnxt0 Default;}}
\paperh16837\paperw11905\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\pgwsxn11905\pghsxn16837\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
\pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0\qc{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af4\afs24\lang255\ab\ltrch\dbch\af2\afs24\langfe255\ab\loch\f0\fs24\lang2057\b {\loch\f0\fs24\lang2057\i0\b Mole Valley Orienteering Club welcome you to Banstead Heath\line Tuesday 18{{\*\updnprop5801}\up10 th} July 2006, starts 18:30-19:20}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\ql\rtlch\af4\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af2\afs24\langfe255\loch\f0\fs24\lang2057 
\par {\loch\f0\fs24\lang2057\i0\b0 This is a minimalist event with very little organisation \endash  and only a small charge: \'a32 for adults, free for children.}
\par 
\par {\loch\f0\fs24\lang2057\i0\b0 Parking in Mill Road (B290) at grid reference TQ239556. Please use the south side of the road only, and keep all four wheels on the tarmac (parking on the verge is forbidden by the Conservators). No road signs, use your atlas or Multimap: http://www.multim
ap.com/map/browse.cgi?scale=25000&lat=51.2858&lon=-0.2260&icon=x{\*\bkmkstart DDE_LINK1}{\*\bkmkend DDE_LINK1}}
\par 
\par {\loch\f0\fs24\lang2057\i0\b0 This is a {\b 45 minute score} event. This means that there is no set course. Your map will show controls, but no purple lines between them. You visit as many or as few controls as you wish. Controls score points, taking more than 45 minutes from start to finis
h loses points.}
\par 
\par {\loch\f0\fs24\lang2057\i0\b0 Controls 10 to 18 are easy and could be linked to make a course of about 1.9km suitable for beginners and children. Each is worth 10 points.}
\par {\loch\f0\fs24\lang2057\i0\b0 Controls 19 to 27 are difficult, and worth 15 points each.}
\par {\loch\f0\fs24\lang2057\i0\b0 Controls 1 to 9 are moderate, and score only 5 points each.}
\par 
\par {\loch\f0\fs24\lang2057\i0\b0 In the absence of our club expert, we haven't managed to crack programming the computer for score events. Consequently this event will be using old-style control cards and pin punches. Since we haven't got SI, timing will be in whole minutes and the penalt
y for being late back will{\b 10 points for each part or whole minute} over the 45, and not the 1 point per 6 seconds printed on the control descriptions.}
\par 
\par {\loch\f0\fs24\lang2057\i0\b0 All controls in the forest are on your course, so I haven't bothered with control codes. However, please make sure you punch the correct box on your control card, e.g. if you go to control 18 first, your first punch must go in box 18 on the card.}
\par 
\par {\loch\f0\fs24\lang2057\i0\b0 Maps are pre-printed with the course, but you need to {\b bring your own bag} if you want one. Map size is A4, scale 1:10,000. It was surveyed about 18 months ago for winter vegetation; bracken has grown since. In general, the open is still fast, but the semi-o
pen is hard-going. \ldblquote Light green\rdblquote  is frequently more runnable than \ldblquote white\rdblquote . I rejected every control site that I could not comfortably reach while wearing shorts, but this does not mean that each control can easily be approached from every direction, nor th
at your chosen route between controls will be passable. Good luck!}
\par 
\par {\loch\f0\fs24\lang2057\i0\b0 There will be a {\b mass start every 10 minutes from 18:30 to 19:20}. Complete your control card stub and give it to the start official. Maps will be given out, but please don't look at them until the actual start time. (We'll make an exception for people who n
ormally run White, Yellow or Orange and want to discuss their course before starting). Finish in the same place as the Start. Course closes at 20:10, but control collecting will start from the far end at 20:00.}
\par 
\par {\loch\f0\fs24\lang2057\i0\b0 Enjoy!}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf0\qc{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af4\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af2\afs24\langfe255\loch\f3\fs24\lang2057 {\loch\f3\fs24\lang2057\i0\b0 Ian}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\cf2\qc{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\rtlch\af4\afs24\lang255\ab\ltrch\dbch\af2\afs24\langfe255\ab\loch\f0\fs24\lang2057\b {\loch\f0\fs24\lang2057\i0\b You participate in this event at your own risk and are responsible for your own safety.}
\par }