{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Thank you to Peter as organiser and mapper for today. Peter has put in many hours getting ready for this event in both capacities as part of his building the wider urban map of the Epsom area.\'a0 It all came to fruition on this sunny day \'96 well done on arranging the weather too.\cf0 \
\cf2 \'a0\cf0 \
\cf2 Mike produced challenging courses within the confines of an urban area \'96 the western area in particular had some interesting legs which had the capacity of leading to incorrect route choices if the map was not read in detail. Some last minute re-planning was necessary as we lost the route to the west of the NHS residents area less than two weeks ago (the Out of Bounds area) \'96 I do not believe this compromised the courses given the positive comments I had from various competitors.\cf0 \
\cf2 \'a0\cf0 \
\cf2 Fortunately the travelling community which invaded your car park a few weeks ago were moved on last week reducing a possible headache for today.\cf0 \
\cf2 \'a0\cf0 \
\cf2 I would also like to make comment on the small number of competitors who I observed running or attempting to run through the Out of Bounds area or crossed various uncrossable fences and garden areas \'96 you place our sport at risk in urban areas by such actions and I would ask you to avoid such action at future events \'96 we would all like to come back to compete in these areas in the future.\cf0 \
\cf2 \'a0\cf0 \
\cf2 Finally thank you to all the helpers from Mole Valley which made sure the event ran smoothly and to you the competitor for supporting the event.\cf0 \
\cf2 \'a0\cf0 \
\cf2 Gordon Parker - SLOW\cf0 \
\cf2 Controller}